Feature/dep 754 labels match tags (#23)
ktech-org/bandstand-charts: charts/bandstand-web-service/README.md

| additionalDomains          | list   | `[]`    | A list of additional domains for the service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| additionalEnvVars          | object | `{}`    | An object containing additional environment variables                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| aws.account                | string |         | The account number of the deployment either the test, preprod or prod account                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| containerPort              | int    | `8080`  | The port to open on the container for the service

> | systemGroup                | string |  `.Release.Name`     | The systemGroup for the service (optional)                                                                                                                                                                           |                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| systemCode               | string |  `.Release.Name`     | The systemCode for the service                                                                                                                                                                           |                                                                          |
```

| systemGroup                | string |         | The systemGroup for the service (optional)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| gitRepo                    | string |         | The name of the repository for the service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | env                        | string |         | The environment, either test, preprod or prod                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Need to make the same updates the docs for the other two charts as well
